{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red75\green136\blue203;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red37\green95\blue166;\red11\green76\blue180;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c35686\c60784\c83529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c18039\c45490\c70980;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat4 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat3 \clwWidth15630\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat4 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15630\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf5 Customer Profile: 
\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 CarFinity Accessories, Inc 
\b0 is a large US-based manufacturer of auto part accessories who works with online and in-store retailers to sell their products to customers. Their most popular products include car mobile accessories and chargers, car organization kits, seat covers, floor mats, and thousands of additional interior and exterior accessories. CarFinity has 6 global office locations. 
\fs24 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf5 Customer Inquiry: 
\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We are interested in migrating our Microsoft Active Directory 2012, Microsoft Exchange 2013, and Microsoft SharePoint 2016 systems from our Data Centers into AWS. 
\fs24 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf5 Customer Problem: 
\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 CarFinity recently made the decision to migrate their corporate IT systems and internal applications to AWS after signing an \cf6 EDP \cf2 with their AWS Account Team. This EDP represents their commitment to migrate significant infrastructure to AWS and eventually close their Denver, CO data center in the future. CarFinity believes that by migrating internal corporate IT applications first, they can deliver lower cost and offer better reliability for their business-critical systems. Their CTO Jane T. believes that the DIO team should complete this migration of internal business systems first, with a plan to continue migrating other applications to AWS after this pilot project is successful. As a part of the migration of business applications to the cloud, Jane is also interested in virtual desktop solutions where employees can connect from anywhere and access the internal applications from within the VDI desktop environment in a secure fashion over private or protected IP space. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Jane and her IT organization are traditionally risk averse and do not want to embark on a migration until they have learned from AWS what the best practices are for their use cases. However, Jane is pro-AWS and is curious about the services AWS offers to address her requirements. While you may not have all the nuanced details of their applications, Jane would like to learn what offerings AWS has that can help. 
\fs24 \

\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Tip! 
\b0 Don\'92t worry too much about knowing all the details of CarFinity\'92s existing architecture. Instead, your task is to demonstrate to CarFinity that AWS can reliably host their critical business systems. Use this as an opportunity to call out the unique value-add capabilities that AWS offers to Jane and her team to maintain low cost and high availability for these systems. They are risk averse and want to see that its possible, even if it means there is a delta between where they are today and what it takes to run the applications in AWS. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 AWS TechU Scenario Sprints 
\fs24 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
}